Istio 1.7: documentation update (#9589)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guides/1.15-1.17.md

To remove the CustomResourceDefinitions for Knative-Serving along with the respective CustomResources, run:

```bash
kubectl delete crd \
  certificates.networking.internal.knative.dev \
  configurations.serving.knative.dev \
  images.caching.internal.knative.dev \
  ingresses.networking.internal.knative.dev \
  metrics.autoscaling.internal.knative.dev \
  podautoscalers.autoscaling.internal.knative.dev \
  revisions.serving.knative.dev \
  routes.serving.knative.dev \
  serverlessservices.networking.internal.knative.dev \
  services.serving.knative.dev
```

### Logging

In Release Candidate 1.16.0-rc3, we change the `instance` label on the logs corresponding to the Pod name to `pod`, which fits the observability ecosystem better.
Also, the `container` label for a function pointing to `lambda` in the previous releases now points to `function`. 
If you search for the logs from a function with the `container: lambda` filter, you will need to change it to `container: function` from this release on.

## Migrate from 1.16.0-rc3 to 1.17

### Istio

Kyma 1.17 comes with a new Istio version: 1.7.4. 

> Make sure you cluster runs Kubernetes version 1.16 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** To upgrade successfully, make sure your cluster runs Kubernetes version 1.16 or higher.
```

> Authenication Policy is no longer supported. Replace it with Peer Authentication and RequestAuthentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio's Authenication Policy is no longer supported. Replace it with Peer Authentication and RequestAuthentication.
```

> Additionally, this Istio version updates the CRD of the Virtual Service. The way of providing cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, this Istio version updates the CRD of the Virtual Service. The way to provide cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration changes:
```
